Add GCP/GKE global access attributes (#8327)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/multicluster/shared/index.md

          - registry_service_name: istio-ingressgateway.istio-system.svc.cluster.local
            port: 443

>   # Change the Istio service `type=LoadBalancer` add the cloud provider specific annotations. See

Reviewer: I believe you still want to `add` as the current wording doesn't make sense.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # Change the Istio service `type=LoadBalancer` and add the cloud provider specific annotations. See
```

Author: Sorry, I misread the word because of negligence.I changed it back to the original content.

  # https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#internal-load-balancer for more
  # information. The example below shows the configuration for GCP/GKE.

>   # If the GCP/GKE version is less than 1.16, service_annotations needs to add network.gke.io/internal-load-balancer-allow-global-access: "true" parameter.
>   # https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59680679/gcp-internal-load-balancer-global-access-beta-annotation-does-not-work?answertab=active#tab-top

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # If the GCP/GKE version is less than 1.16, add `network.gke.io/internal-load-balancer-allow-global-access: "true"`to the `service_annotations`.
  # See https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59680679/gcp-internal-load-balancer-global-access-beta-annotation-does-not-work?answertab=active#tab-top.
```

Author: I have made changes to the PR, please review again. tks!
